a

ESTATE

OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

a) The Setup Cost shall be due and payable as per the abovementioned billing milestones and
upon IIFL IATSL furnishing a duly executed debit note for the same.

b) IIFL IATSL has not conducted any due diligence on the facts informed to it and therefore takes
no responsibility for its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.

c) The above Proposal has been devised based on our initial discussion, which may undergo
revision / refinement on sharing of further facts and is subject to the disclaimer in (a) above.

d) The implications of the service offering and structuring thereof would depend and vary
according to the laws prevalent at any point of time.

ce) We do not take responsibility of any regulatory / legal / tax related matters and recommend
the client to obtain their own regulatory / legal / tax advice suitable to their circumstances.

The services proposed to be offered by way of this note do not constitute inter alia regulatory /
legal/tax advice.

f) In the event of default of the non- payment of stipulated Fee as detailed hercinabove, the Settlor
/ Client shall, on the expiry of 60 days from the invoice Date, pay to IIFL IATSL penalty at the
rate of 18% per annum, compounded on a monthly basis on the defaulted amount, during the
period of default in addition to said Fee.

g) There may be occasion where external legal opinion and assistance are cither sought by you
or considered essential by us during the course of functioning the Trust. The above-mentioned
fees mentioned in this Proposal does not include fees charged by such external legal counsel.
In case of engagement with any external legal counsel on your behalf for such opinion and/or
assistance, their fees will be subject of agreement and negotiation between you and those
advisors. Any cost incurred towards engaging an external counsel/advisor by the employees of
IIFL or IIFL IATSL will have to be borne by the Client separately.

h) The liability of IIFL IATSL, its officers, employees, directors, agents as a Service Provider shall
be limited to the extent of fees charged by IIFL IATSL.

i) This Case Summary has been prepared by IIFL IATSL. The ideas and expressions used in this
note are exclusive property of the Company. This document should not be reproduced,
distributed, published, ideas used in whole or in part by any of the recipient hereof for any
purpose without prior written permission from the Company.

j) Nothing discussed prior to the execution of this note, induced or forms part of this note, unless
as specifically sct out in this note. This note supersedes any previous agreements,
understandings, or communications, written or oral, relating to the subject matter.

UFL INVESTMENT ADVISER AND TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED

PMY MLY RSENS AS LETT LMieh oy (An HL. Wealth Management Group Company
REGD OFFICE:
WPL CENTSE MILLS SENAPATI HAPAT MARG
BA! 400014 INDIA
TEL 91.27, 4870 YOO | FAX: 9) 27) 46404706 | EMAIL TRUSTEESERVICES 2 MFLW COM

CIB: UTATOMALUIONL IIT wew Jiw.com

Initial: Satish Pai
