IIKL

INVESTMENT MANAGERS

ESTATE PLANNING

Please note:

¢ This annuity fees and other charges will be reviewed and finalized in consultation with
you every year and depending on the scope of work up to a maximum limit of 25% of the
prevailing fees taking into consideration factors such as inflation, level of activity and
others,

¢ Consultants or professional whose services had been utilized in the course of operation
of the Trust shall be charged additionally at actuals with the approval of the client.

e We request you to take note of the direct expenses including but not limited to the
activities listed below. These expenses/charges shall be recovered from the Trust
property:

o PAN application charges incurred by us for the Trust
o Audit charges for the trust
o Income Tax Return filing charges (charged by the auditor)

OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

a) IIFL IATSL has not conducted any due diligence on the facts informed to it and therefore takes
no responsibility for its authenticity, accuracy and completeness.

b) The above proposal has been devised based on our initial discussion, which may undergo
revision / refinement on sharing of further facts and is subject to the disclaimer in (a) above.

c) The implications of the service offering and structuring thereof would depend and vary
according to the laws prevalent at any point of time.

d) We do not take responsibility of any tax related matters and recommend the client to obtain
their own tax advice suitable to their circumstances.

e) In the event of default of the non- payment of stipulated Fee as detailed hereinabove, the Settlor
/ Client shall, on the expiry of 60 days from the invoice Date, pay to IIFL IATSL penalty at the
rate of 18% per annum, compounded on a monthly basis on the defaulted amount, during the
period of default in addition to said Fee.

f) There may be occasion where external legal opinion and assistance are either sought by you
or considered essential by us during the course of functioning the Trust. The above-mentioned
fees mentioned in this Proposal does not include fees charged by such external legal counsel.
In case of engagement with any external legal counsel on your behalf for such opinion and /or
assistance, their fees will be subject of agreement and negotiation between you and those

IIFL INVESTMENT ADVISER AND TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS IIFL TRUSTEE SERVICES LIMITED) (An IIFL Wealth Management Group Company)

REGD. OFFICE:
ILFL CENTRE, KAMALA MILLS, SENAPATI BAPAT MARG,
LOWER PAREL, MUMBAI ~ 400 013. INDIA

TEL: (91-22) 4876 5600 | FAX: (91-22) 46464706 | EMAIL: TRUSTEESERVICES@IIFLW.COM

CIN: U74990MH2010PLC211334 — www.liflw.com WA
Initial: atish Pai
